The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do.
One cannot and must not try to erase the past merely because it does not fit the present.
Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president.
Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent People Ignore.
A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it is not open.
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits.
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
A happy marriage is the union of two good forgivers.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words.
Good actions are a guard against the blows of adversity.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
All my life through, the new sights of Nature made me rejoice like a child.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder.
I am a Soldier, I fight where I am told, and I win where I fight.
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street.
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming.
Life doesn't run away from nobody. Life runs at people.
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure.
It's difficult to think anything but pleasant thoughts while eating a homegrown tomato.
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough.
It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Failure is not the opposite of success; it's part of success.
No one has ever become poor by giving.
It is not my ability, but my response to God’s ability, that counts.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.
A man should never neglect his family for business.
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
We must be global Christians with a global vision because our God is a global God.
Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice.
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
God doesn't require us to succeed, he only requires that you try.
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Can words describe the fragrance of the very breath of spring?
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
To disarm the people... was the best and most effectual way to enslave them.
Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
Resolution One: I will live for God. Resolution Two: If no one else does, I still will.
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized.
The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
Nothing will work unless you do.
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out.
Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
An intelligent hell would be better than a stupid paradise.
Run when you can, walk if you have to, crawl if you must; just never give up.
When we lose one blessing, another is often most unexpectedly given in its place.
I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
With God in charge, I believe everything will work out for the best in the end.
A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength.
Luck is predictable; the harder you work, the luckier you get.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
There is no substitute for hard work.
When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go.
He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.
The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven not man's.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
No person is your friend who demands your silence, or denies your right to grow.
If you can't make it good, at least make it look good.
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
Winning takes talent; to repeat takes character.
Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less.
You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward.
That's the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody.
Real loss is only possible when you love something more than you love yourself.
When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier.
Children learn more from what you are than what you teach.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.
All great achievements require time.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Don't find fault, find a remedy.
Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work.
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
All of our dreams can come true...
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning.
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.
The soul always knows what to do to heal itself. The challenge is to silence the mind
What can you do to promote world peace? Go home and love your family.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
Delete the negative; accentuate the positive!
Great minds have purposes; others have wishes.
A good conscience is a continual Christmas.
A mother's arms are more comforting than anyone else's.
Before anything else, preparation is the key to success.
Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality.
Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is having to worry about every damn thing in the world, except money.
No one remembers who came in second.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
The amount of good luck coming your way depends on your willingness to act.
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours.
Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid.
We all have ability. The difference is how we use it.
I didn't fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.
Our life is frittered away by detail... simplify, simplify.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
I wasn't afraid to fail. Something good always comes out of failure.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
The primary cause of unhappiness is never the situation but your thoughts about it.
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go.
To change a habit, make a conscious decision, then act out the new behavior.
Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Don't give up at half time. Concentrate on winning the second half.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way.
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
The starting point of all achievement is desire.
Pray, and let God worry.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
A leader is a dealer in hope.
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture.
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away.
One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Never go backward. Attempt, and do it with all your might. Determination is power.
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
You change your life by changing your heart.
Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way.
The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon.
Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid.
The deadliest weapon in the world is a MARINE and his rifle!
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
After climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb.
The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.
Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel.
Success is falling nine times and getting up ten.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
There is no pit so deep, that God's love is not deeper still.
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
There is only one success - to be able to spend your life in your own way.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
Risks must be taken because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing.
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander.
Change before you have to.
You don't get paid for the hour. You get paid for the value you bring to the hour.
The only person who is educated is the one who has learned how to learn and change.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
My best successes came on the heels of failures.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Happiness is a direction, not a place.
An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself.
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
The more you know the less you need to say.
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
If one had but a single glance to give the world, one should gaze on Istanbul.
Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death.
Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire?
All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward.
Some of us think holding on makes us strong; but sometimes it is letting go.
I would rather die of passion than of boredom.
Run often. Run long. But never outrun your joy of running.
Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product.
Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
Yesterday is gone. Tomorrow has not yet come. We have only today. Let us begin.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
He who avoids complaint invites happiness.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
Patience and time do more than strength or passion.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.
Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you.
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands?
Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better.
You cannot find peace by avoiding life.
There are no failures - just experiences and your reactions to them
Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
You cannot make progress without making decisions.
Get mad, then get over it.
I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows.
be yourself- not your idea of what you think somebody else's idea of yourself should be.
The time is always right to do what is right.
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth.
Expect great things from God, attempt great things for God.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school.
The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are.
Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be.
Live out of your imagination, not your history.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn.
There are only two options regarding commitment; you’re either in or you’re out.
Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
Start where you are, use what you have.
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief.
Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success.
You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
I knew what my job was; it was to go out and meet the people and love them.
When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
If you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.
There is no death, only a change of worlds.
A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person.
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day.
If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.
The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature.
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on.
It's not your job to like me - it's mine
Aging is not "lost youth" but a new stage of opportunity and strength.
It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up.
Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it.
Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned.
Tis' better to live your own life imperfectly than to imitate someone else's perfectly.
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.
A loving person lives in a loving world. A hostile person lives in a hostile world.
Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
Young people need models, not critics.
Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn't.
Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence.
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers.
Never let a problem to be solved become more important than a person to be loved.
If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
You cannot create experience. You must undergo it.
Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.
The miracle isn't that I finished. The miracle is that I had the courage to start.
It is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action.
Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life.
It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan.
The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th.
You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view.
You don't need strength to let go of something. What you really need is understanding.
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
If you want to be happy, be.
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterward.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting.
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
I believe that whatever doesn't kill you, simply makes you... stranger.
Excuses are the nails used to build a house of failure.
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Learning never exhausts the mind.
Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat.
What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do.
The way to get things done is not to mind who gets the credit for doing them.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out.
You will never 'find' time for anything. If you want time, you must make it.
You have succeeded in life when all you really want is only what you really need.
The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender.
If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.
People who boast about their I.Q. are losers.
Miss a meal if you have to, but don't miss a book.
It is better to be alone than in bad company.
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.
You don't fight racism with racism, the best way to fight racism is with solidarity.
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours.
Effort and courage are not enough without purpose and direction.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
Those who matter don't mind, and those who mind don't matter.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself.
I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head.
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile.
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
He who is not everyday conquering some fear has not learned the secret of life.
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
I don't know what the future may hold, but I know who holds the future.
The best way out is always through.
Always walk through life as if you have something new to learn, and you will.
Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
Never mistake motion for action.
Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
God has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with.
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.
If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it.
Never dull your shine for somebody else.
Don't compare your life to others. You have no idea what they have been through.
The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Faith is the strength by which a shattered world shall emerge into the light.
If you are losing faith in human nature, go out and watch a marathon.
From what we get, we can make a living; what we give, however, makes a life.
I've read the last page of the Bible. It's all going to turn out all right.
Don't you ever let a soul in the world tell you that you can't be exactly who you are.
Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together and you've got a kingdom.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.
Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain.
The brighter you are, the more you have to learn.
Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
I do not think much of a man who is not wiser today than he was yesterday.
We should certainly count our blessings, but we should also make our blessings count.
As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves.
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished? Yes, work never begun.
One of the hardest things in life is having words in your heart that you can't utter.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become.
Never allow someone to be your priority while allowing yourself to be their option.
The average dog is a nicer person than the average person.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
Patience is the companion of wisdom.
The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You have to make it fall.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
Self-worth comes from one thing - thinking that you are worthy.
The best vision is insight.
Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
It's amazing what ordinary people can do if they set out without preconceived notions.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
All I have seen teaches me to trust the creator for all I have not seen.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
Being ready is not what matters. What matters is winning after you get there.
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence.
Our freedom can be measured by the number of things we can walk away from.
What is hell? I maintain that it is the suffering of being unable to love.
Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be.
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought.
Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
We think too much and feel too little.
Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
These young guys are playing checkers. I'm out there playing chess.
If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone.
You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us.
Be nice to people on your way up because you'll meet them on your way down.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for.
Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become.
Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
We have to be careful in how we use this light shined on us.
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
The worst evils which mankind has ever had to endure were inflicted by bad governments.
Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do.
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
The body is your temple. Keep it pure and clean for the soul to reside in.
Be like a duck. Calm on the surface, but always paddling like the dickens underneath.
If we did all the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay.
The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch.
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.
The Marines have landed and the situation is well in hand.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
For peace of mind, we need to resign as general manager of the universe.
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe.
It takes less time to do a thing right, than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us
Sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
Do not fear mistakes. There are none.
Failure is success if we learn from it.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
It is what we know already that often prevents us from learning.
I've learned that making a 'living' is not the same thing as 'making a life'.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
What doesn't kill you makes you smaller
Everything comes to us that belongs to us if we create the capacity to receive it.
Live your life and forget your age.
The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
A nation of sheep will beget a government of wolves.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
A charming woman... doesn't follow the crowd. She is herself.
You don't understand anything until you learn it more than one way.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance.
The difference between a mountain and a molehill is your perspective.
It is best to act with confidence, no matter how little right you have to it.
Freedom means the opportunity to be what we never thought we would be.
The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward.
Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be.
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain.
Make yourself so useful to other people, that they think you are irreplaceable.
Every moment is a fresh beginning.
The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything? 
