"The essence of strategy is choosing what not to do." -Michael Porter
"Weak people revenge. Strong people forgive. Intelligent People Ignore." -Albert Einstein
"A mind is like a parachute. It doesn't work if it is not open." -Frank Zappa
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." -Albert Einstein
"Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see." -Mark Twain
"Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be." -Abraham Lincoln
"A happy marriage is the union of two good forgivers." -Ruth Graham
"I never think of the future - it comes soon enough." -Albert Einstein
"Music expresses that which cannot be put into words." -Victor Hugo
"Good actions are a guard against the blows of adversity." -Abu Bakr
"You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great" -Zig Ziglar
"Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted." -John Lennon
"I am a Soldier, I fight where I am told, and I win where I fight." -George S. Patton
"Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes." -Zig Ziglar
"I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity." -Edgar Allan Poe
"Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street." -Zig Ziglar
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." -Stephen Covey
"You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming." -Pablo Neruda
"Life doesn't run away from nobody. Life runs at people." -Joe Frazier
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." -Les Brown
"This is one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind." -Neil Armstrong
"Failure is not the opposite of success; it's part of success." -Arianna Huffington
"No one has ever become poor by giving." -Anne Frank
"It is not my ability, but my response to God’s ability, that counts." -Corrie Ten Boom
"No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world." -Robin Williams
"A man should never neglect his family for business." -Walt Disney
"Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly." -John F. Kennedy
"Don’t let the noise of others’ opinions drown out your own inner voice." -Steve Jobs
"How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are?" -Satchel Paige
"When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro." -Hunter S. Thompson
"God doesn't require us to succeed, he only requires that you try." -Mother Teresa
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." -Norman Vincent Peale
"Can words describe the fragrance of the very breath of spring?" -Neltje Blanchan
"I have found that if you love life, life will love you back." -Arthur Rubinstein
"Today a reader, tomorrow a leader." -Margaret Fuller
"It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life." -Elizabeth Kenny
"Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn." -Xunzi
"Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized." -Albert Einstein
"If there is no struggle, there is no progress." -Frederick Douglass
"Nothing will work unless you do." -Maya Angelou
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." -Confucius
"An intelligent hell would be better than a stupid paradise." -Victor Hugo
"I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country." -Nathan Hale
"The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary." -Vince Lombardi
"My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness." -Dalai Lama
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone." -Ronald Reagan
"Luck is predictable; the harder you work, the luckier you get." -Brian Tracy
"Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance." -George Bernard Shaw
"There is no substitute for hard work." -Thomas A. Edison
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go." -Carol Burnett
"The dog is a gentleman; I hope to go to his heaven not man's." -Mark Twain
"I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it." -Maya Angelou
"If you can't make it good, at least make it look good." -Bill Gates
"Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home." -Mother Teresa
"All great change in America begins at the dinner table." -Ronald Reagan
"Winning takes talent; to repeat takes character." -John Wooden
"Humility is not thinking less of yourself, it's thinking of yourself less." -C. S. Lewis
"You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward." -Conrad Hall
"That's the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up." -Walt Disney
"Women are made to be loved, not understood." -Oscar Wilde
"Don't wait. The time will never be just right." -Napoleon Hill
"One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody." -Mother Teresa
"When a woman becomes her own best friend life is easier." -Diane von Furstenberg
"Children learn more from what you are than what you teach." -W. E. B. Du Bois
"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision." -Helen Keller
"All great achievements require time." -Maya Angelou
"Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." -Jim Rohn
"Don't find fault, find a remedy." -Henry Ford
"Friends and good manners will carry you where money won't go." -Margaret Walker
"A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work." -John Lubbock
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value." -Albert Einstein
"Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom." -Thomas Jefferson
"Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs." -Farrah Gray
"Intense love does not measure, it just gives." -Mother Teresa
"Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud." -Maya Angelou
"All of our dreams can come true..." -Walt Disney
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." -Bill Gates
"Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it." -Albert Einstein
"Baseball was, is and always will be to me the best game in the world." -Babe Ruth
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one." -Wayne Dyer
"When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat." -Ronald Reagan
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
"What can you do to promote world peace? Go home and love your family." -Mother Teresa
"Our life is what our thoughts make it." -Marcus Aurelius
"Delete the negative; accentuate the positive!" -Donna Karan
"Great minds have purposes; others have wishes." -Washington Irving
"A good conscience is a continual Christmas." -Benjamin Franklin
"A mother's arms are more comforting than anyone else's." -Princess Diana
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success." -Alexander Graham Bell
"Laziness may appear attractive, but work gives satisfaction." -Anne Frank
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." -Confucius
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality." -Warren G. Bennis
"Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get." -Dale Carnegie
"No one remembers who came in second." -Walter Hagen
"A warm smile is the universal language of kindness." -William Arthur Ward
"To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often." -Winston Churchill
"Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
"How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours." -Wayne Dyer
"If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?" -Vince Lombardi
"Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand." -Mother Teresa
"My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world." -Billy Graham
"We all have ability. The difference is how we use it." -Stevie Wonder
"I didn't fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong." -Benjamin Franklin
"Our life is frittered away by detail... simplify, simplify." -Henry David Thoreau
"Wherever you go, go with all your heart." -Confucius
"I wasn't afraid to fail. Something good always comes out of failure." -Anne Baxter
"Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once." -Drew Houston
"The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power." -Mary Pickford
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." -Sam Levenson
"If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." -Albert Schweitzer
"If you judge people, you have no time to love them." -Mother Teresa
"Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live." -Jim Rohn
"Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me." -Carol Burnett
"Don't give up at half time. Concentrate on winning the second half." -Bear Bryant
"If you fell down yesterday, stand up today." -H. G. Wells
"The starting point of all achievement is desire." -Napoleon Hill
"Pray, and let God worry." -Martin Luther
"Work harder on yourself than you do on your job." -Jim Rohn
"Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there." -Bo Jackson
"A leader is a dealer in hope." -Napoleon Bonaparte
"Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes." -Oscar Wilde
"One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested." -E. M. Forster
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see." -Henry David Thoreau
"A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way." -John C. Maxwell
"It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped." -Tony Robbins
"If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it." -Andy Rooney
"I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat." -Winston Churchill
"Correction does much, but encouragement does more." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"You change your life by changing your heart." -Max Lucado
"Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way." -George S. Patton
"The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon." -George Washington
"Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid." -John Wayne
"The deadliest weapon in the world is a MARINE and his rifle!" -John J. Pershing
"Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be." -John Wooden
"The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today." -Elbert Hubbard
"Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." -Jimi Hendrix
"Success is falling nine times and getting up ten." -Jon Bon Jovi
"The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows." -Sydney J. Harris
"The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten." -Calvin Coolidge
"Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future." -Oscar Wilde
"There is no pit so deep, that God's love is not deeper still." -Corrie Ten Boom
"I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship." -Louisa May Alcott
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -Thomas A. Edison
"Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live." -Dorothy Thompson
"He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander." -Aristotle
"Change before you have to." -Jack Welch
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller
"My best successes came on the heels of failures." -Barbara Corcoran
"Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties." -Erich Fromm
"Positive anything is better than negative nothing." -Elbert Hubbard
"Turn your wounds into wisdom." -Oprah Winfrey
"Happiness is a direction, not a place." -Sydney J. Harris
"If everyone is moving forward together, then success takes care of itself." -Henry Ford
"The more you know the less you need to say." -Jim Rohn
"Is prayer your steering wheel or your spare tire?" -Corrie Ten Boom
"All change is not growth, as all movement is not forward." -Ellen Glasgow
"I would rather die of passion than of boredom." -Emile Zola
"Run often. Run long. But never outrun your joy of running." -Julie Isphording
"Happiness is not a goal; it is a by-product." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started" -Mark Twain
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." -Booker T. Washington
"Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." -John Wooden
"Time is what we want most, but what we use worst." -William Penn
"He who avoids complaint invites happiness." -Abu Bakr
"Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple." -Dr. Seuss
"Do not plan for ventures before finishing what's at hand." -Euripides
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." -Jim Rohn
"Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life." -Wayne Dyer
"Patience and time do more than strength or passion." -Jean de La Fontaine
"If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it." -Margaret Fuller
"Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear." -Mark Twain
"Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." -Charles Kettering
"If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands?" -Milton Berle
"Don't wish it were easier, wish you were better." -Jim Rohn
"You cannot find peace by avoiding life." -Virginia Woolf
"There are no failures - just experiences and your reactions to them" -Tom Krause
"Persistent people begin their success where others end in failure." -Edward Eggleston
"Imagination is more important than knowledge." -Albert Einstein
"You cannot make progress without making decisions." -Jim Rohn
"Get mad, then get over it." -Colin Powell
"I never learn anything talking. I only learn things when I ask questions." -Lou Holtz
"Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments." -Rose Kennedy
"Whatever you want to do, do it now. There are only so many tomorrows." -Michael Landon
"The time is always right to do what is right." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Eighty percent of success is showing up." -Woody Allen
"It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference." -Tom Brokaw
"To find joy in work is to discover the fountain of youth." -Pearl S. Buck
"Expect great things from God, attempt great things for God." -William Carey
"The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are." -Joseph Campbell
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." -Steve Jobs
"If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of me." -Dwight L. Moody
"Courage is grace under pressure." -Ernest Hemingway
"Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be." -Joy Page
"Live out of your imagination, not your history." -Stephen Covey
"Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back." -Babe Ruth
"Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn." -Benjamin Franklin
"Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim." -Nora Ephron
"Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy." -Anne Frank
"Start where you are, use what you have." -Arthur Ashe
"We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give." -Winston Churchill
"I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief." -Gerry Spence
"You must either modify your dreams or magnify your skills" -Jim Rohn
"You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today." -Abraham Lincoln
"To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities." -Bruce Lee
"There is no death, only a change of worlds." -Chief Seattle
"A person who is nice to you, but rude to the waiter, is not a nice person." -Dave Barry
"I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse." -Florence Nightingale
"Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines, practiced every day." -Jim Rohn
"The beautiful thing about learning is nobody can take it away from you." -B. B. King
"Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature." -Helen Keller
"It's not your job to like me - it's mine" -Byron Katie
"Aging is not "lost youth" but a new stage of opportunity and strength." -Betty Friedan
"One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain." -Bob Marley
"Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know." -Ernest Hemingway
"The best way to make your dreams come true is to wake up." -Paul Valery
"Life is 10 percent what you make it, and 90 percent how you take it." -Irving Berlin
"Small deeds done are better than great deeds planned." -Peter Marshall
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." -Jim Rohn
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler." -Albert Einstein
"There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles." -Stephen Covey
"Young people need models, not critics." -John Wooden
"Clear thinking requires courage rather than intelligence." -Thomas Szasz
"The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it." -William James
"A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams." -John Barrymore
"A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve." -Joseph Joubert
"Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers." -Voltaire
"You cannot create experience. You must undergo it." -Albert Camus
"Happiness is not a destination. It is a method of life." -Burton Hill
"It takes as much energy to wish as it does to plan." -Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it." -Dale Carnegie
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." -Mark Twain
"Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th." -Julie Andrews
"Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge." -Plato
"More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of." -Alfred Lord Tennyson
"I learned the value of hard work by working hard." -Margaret Mead
"An effort made for the happiness of others lifts above ourselves." -Lydia M. Child
"If you want to be happy, be." -Leo Tolstoy
"There is little success where there is little laughter." -Andrew Carnegie
"Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." -Anais Nin
"Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?" -Albert Camus
"A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting." -Christian Dior
"People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining." -Stephen Hawking
"I believe that whatever doesn't kill you, simply makes you... stranger." -Heath Ledger
"Excuses are the nails used to build a house of failure." -Jim Rohn
"Learning never exhausts the mind." -Leonardo da Vinci
"Victory is sweetest when you've known defeat." -Malcolm Forbes
"What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do." -Tim Ferriss
"Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out." -Robert Collier
"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." -Vince Lombardi
"People who boast about their I.Q. are losers." -Stephen Hawking
"Miss a meal if you have to, but don't miss a book." -Jim Rohn
"It is better to be alone than in bad company." -Unknown
"Try to learn something about everything and everything about something." -Thomas Huxley
"Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours." -Les Brown
"Effort and courage are not enough without purpose and direction." -John F. Kennedy
"All things are difficult before they are easy." -Thomas Fuller
"Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can." -Paul Tournier
"Those who matter don't mind, and those who mind don't matter." -Bernard Baruch
"I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head." -Princess Diana
"Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit." -Bernard Williams
"The more one judges, the less one loves." -Honore de Balzac
"The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them." -Ernest Hemingway
"I have witnessed the softening of the hardest of hearts by a simple smile." -Goldie Hawn
"When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself." -Wayne Dyer
"The best way out is always through." -Robert Frost
"Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom." -Francis Bacon
"Never mistake motion for action." -Ernest Hemingway
"Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach." -Tony Robbins
"If you can believe it, the mind can achieve it." -Ronnie Lott
"Never dull your shine for somebody else." -Tyra Banks
"The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you." -Rumi
"Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice." -Anton Chekhov
"If you are losing faith in human nature, go out and watch a marathon." -Kathrine Switzer
"Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program." -Milton Friedman
"Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain." -Edward de Bono
"The brighter you are, the more you have to learn." -Don Herold
"Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit." -Napoleon Hill
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." -George S. Patton
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." -William James
"The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -Sun Tzu
"Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become." -Jim Rohn
"The average dog is a nicer person than the average person." -Andy Rooney
"Patience is the companion of wisdom." -Saint Augustine
"Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity." -Og Mandino
"Self-worth comes from one thing - thinking that you are worthy." -Wayne Dyer
"The best vision is insight." -Malcolm Forbes
"Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise." -Sigmund Freud
"Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty." -Doris Day
"Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing." -Wayne Dyer
"The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph." -Thomas Paine
"You teach best what you most need to learn." -Richard Bach
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." -Jim Rohn
"It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows." -Epictetus
"Stay away from what might have been, and look at what can be." -Marsha Petrie Sue
"We think too much and feel too little." -Charlie Chaplin
"Failure is simply a few errors in judgment, repeated every day." -Jim Rohn
"It's what you learn after you know it all that counts." -John Wooden
"Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind." -William James
"If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything." -Malcolm X
"Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins." -Jim Rohn
"These young guys are playing checkers. I'm out there playing chess." -Kobe Bryant
"If we're growing, we're always going to be out of our comfort zone." -John C. Maxwell
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." -Babe Ruth
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen." -Albert Einstein
"Our attitude towards others determines their attitude towards us." -Earl Nightingale
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts." -Marcus Aurelius
"There is some good in this world, and it's worth fighting for." -J. R. R. Tolkien
"Without a sense of urgency, desire loses its value." -Jim Rohn
"Whatever good things we build end up building us." -Jim Rohn
"We have to be careful in how we use this light shined on us." -Melinda Gates
"Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience." -Paulo Coelho
"A thousand words will not leave so deep an impression as one deed." -Henrik Ibsen
"Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace." -Amelia Earhart
"Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do." -Benjamin Spock
"As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay." -Michael Chang
"The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch." -Jim Rohn
"Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever." -Leo Buscaglia
"The Marines have landed and the situation is well in hand." -Richard Harding Davis
"The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us" -Voltaire
"Do not fear mistakes. There are none." -Miles Davis
"Failure is success if we learn from it." -Malcolm Forbes
"It is what we know already that often prevents us from learning." -Claude Bernard
"When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around." -Willie Nelson
"What doesn't kill you makes you smaller" -Mario
"Live your life and forget your age." -Norman Vincent Peale
"The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention." -John Burroughs
"A nation of sheep will beget a government of wolves." -Edward R. Murrow
"A charming woman... doesn't follow the crowd. She is herself." -Loretta Young
"You don't understand anything until you learn it more than one way." -Marvin Minsky
"Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance." -Jane Austen
"The difference between a mountain and a molehill is your perspective." -Al Neuharth
"The deepest principle in human nature is the craving to be appreciated." -William James
"Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning." -Desmond Tutu
"The past has no power over the present moment." -Eckhart Tolle
"Wherever you are, and whatever you do, be in love." -Rumi
"Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own." -Aesop
"For every disciplined effort there is a multiple reward." -Jim Rohn
